The coding challenge is about having a basis for a discussion with you in our technical interview. 
Please work on as much as you personally like in affordable time. You should not invest more time than 6h.
Please rather deliver less in high quality than more in lesser quality. You are free to skip tasks.

Your code should be stored in a public git repository with a generic name. Please do not include the descriptions of the tasks in your repository. Others should have fun solving the problems and not copy paste your solution.

# 1. Writing

1. What’s your proudest achievement? It can be a personal project or something you’ve worked on professionally. Just a short paragraph is fine, but we’d love to know why you’re proud of it.
2. Tell us about a technical book or article you read recently, why you liked it, and why we should read it as well.

# 2. Coding

When working in the field of national media, you often come across concepts like article, authors, assets and users. 
We provided you a minimal Spring Boot application (as it is generated by start.spring.io) with **Java11** and build with **Maven**.
As you are familiar with reactive programming, we decided to use this flavour to define the initial App. If you do not like to work with the Reactive stack, feel free to switch back to regular Spring MVC.

The App currently provides an endpoint to *list all* and or *get a single* `NewsArticle` by its Id. 

Your task is to extend this App to be a minimal viable product for publishing welt.de articles. We hope you enjoy working on this. Have fun. :-) 

## Familiarize with the project and build the basis
#### 1. Create sufficient package structure

The classes in this artifact are all in one package called `de.futurecompany`. Create a reasonable package structure and move the classes to where they belong.

#### 2. Implement a controller to create new `NewsArticle`s

Please extend the application with the functionality to create a new Article using REST principles.

#### 3. Add controller Tests

Verify that your new code to add Articles works by adding a controller test.

#### 4. Introduce persistence for Article

Make the domain object `NewsArticle` persist, either on a local `mysqld` or a local `mongodb`.

#### 5. Allow publishing of an `NewsArticle`

Articles are not interesting, if no one can read them. We must allow the author to publish their articles.
Published articles can be distinguished by a "published" flag.

## Introduce new feature: Images
#### 6. Allow adding Images to an article

Our readers will like our articles even more, when they have images added to them. Introduce this feature to our `NewsArticle`s.
An image is described by `{ url: string, caption: string, imageAuthor: string, price: int}`. Here is the list of user stories to be implemented.

* as a user of the application I want to add images
* as a user of the application I want to reference an added image to an existing article 
* as a user of the application I want to use the same image on different articles.


#### 7. Add Validation: disallow adding same Image (based on image name) to an Article twice

Showing the same image on an article twice is not desired. Add validation logic to prohibit this. 
It is expected that the API will return HttpStatus 400, if the new validation fails.

## Introduce new domain "Accounting"

Now that an article with many images can be published, we need to pay the image-author of the images royalties. 
We call this new feature "Accounting". Please introduce this new concept to our domain. 

To give you some hints about this new concept:
* An image becomes "accountable" when an Article is published
* An image is identified by its `url`.
* If an image was already published as part of another article, we don't need to consider it again
* once we paid for the image we are allowed to use it as many times as we want 

#### 8. Implement an accounting endpoint to list all image-authors that we published images from

This list could be later used to generate a report or display it in a fancy backoffice.

#### 9. Add logic to calculate the total image price sum by its `image-author` 
#### 10. Add a Unit-Test that verifies your price-calculation is working

The price-calculation is a real critical part of our application, as we neither want to pay too much, nor to few money to the image-authors.
Show us that the calculation works by adding unit-tests. If necessary, please mock all external services / dependencies for these tests.

### 11. Extend the accounting endpoint to show for each image-author the calculated total price sum 

## Torwards production

### 11. Change build process to create an executable JAR file and add run documentation

We want to be able to start our App by running simple `java -jar ....` command. Change our build to create an executable jar.

Add a detailed explanation how to start the App locally into `RUN.md`

### 12. Describe your next steps torwards deploying your app to production
Now that you've mastered to implement all new features, the next step is to deploy the feature to production. Write down some ideas
what is missing to run this app on a production environment. Also consider that your app will be used by multiple editors at the same time.
